# Cloud Breeze Core
This npm package containts all the core and essentials features to interact with the headless API server Cloud Breeze. 
It's made of components, modules, interfaces and pipes which can be used to create PWA with Angular. This package
doesn't offer any service which proceed asynchronous requests to the Cloud Breeze. The service are provided by another
separate package `@cloud-breeze/services`.

You should note that this package has first been build with `@angular/material` and `@angular/flex-layout`. A support for `tailwindcss` has recently been added and will progressively replace `@angular/flex-layout` and some `angular/material` components.

## Components List

### Crud Table
The Crud Table component helps to generate a ready to use table based on a JSON configuration provided. Typically, with Cloud Breeze 
installed (it's a Laravel Package), you can generate CRUD classes which return a CRUD configuration everytime it's accessed. The CRUD
configuration looks like this: 

```ts
export interface TableConfig {
    columns? : TableColumn;
    labels?  : {
        list_title : string;
        list_description : string;
        edit_title : string;
        edit_description : string;
        create_title : string;
        create_description : string;
    }
    fields: Field[];
    links: {[ key: string ]: string };
    results? : {
        data: {[ key: string]: string | number | boolean }[];
        current_page: number;
        from: number;
        to: number;
        last_page: number;
        per_page: number;
        total: number;
        path: string;
    };
    namespace?: string;
}
```

Where the `columns` the programmatical representation of the table columns, with the following shape : 

```ts
export interface TableColumn {
    [key: string ] : {
        label ?: string,
        replace ?: string;
        truncate ?: string;
        type ?: string
    },
}
```

The `labels` are the name which an be rendered on the PWA to provide indicator of what is the current UI. For example, when a list of users is being accessed, `labels.list_title` should be used to display the title of that list : "Users List". Note that, the configuration
can be changed using the CRUD class generated by Cloud Breeze into your module (Cloud Breeze Module).

The `fields` contains an Array of `Field` which can be used to create a form.

The `links` contains link to different features of the component. It can be a `create` with a relative path value. With Angular Routing, there is no need to write full URL. Here is an example of the `links`

```js
//...
links : {
    create: '/dashboard/users/create',
    edit: '/dashboard/users/edit/{id}',
    list: '/dashboard/users'
}
//...
```
The URL doesn't need to follow this exact structure. But this should be used as an indicator.

`results` is the paginated response generated by Laravel. with : 
    `data` being the list of results,
    `current_page` being the current page of the paginated results
    `from` being the starting range of the pagination
    `to` being the ending range of the pagination
    `last_page` being the last page (number)
    `per_page` indicating how many results are displayed
    `total` being the total entries available (not those currently returned on the data attribute)
    `path` path to interact with the endpoint.

The `namespace` is the unique string identifier for the CRUD instance. This is provided by the CRUD class and can be edited from there.

### Dialog
The dialog is a component that shows dialog to the user. It can only for the moment be used to display configuration popup. It should the be used with `MatDialogModule`. Here is an example of how to use it.

```ts
//...
class AppComponent implements OnInit {
    constructor(
        private dialog: MatDialog
    ){}

    onConfirm() {
        this.dialog.open( DialogComponent, {
            
        })
    }
}
//...
```